NO_ACTIVE_SESSION in webhook V2 (#502)
box/developer.box.com: content/guides/webhooks/v2/limitations-v2.md

  no notification is sent for the attempted action.
</Message>

## `NO_ACTIVE_SESSION` is set in the webhook payload

If the auth session (access token) for the app you used to create a webhook
expires, that webhook no longer sends events with a full payload. In that
case, the event trigger is `NO_ACTIVE_SESSION`.

### JWT Auth

> For webhooks created with the JWT Auth app, the session is expired when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For webhooks created with the JWT Auth app, the session expires when
```

you delete the app authorization for this app in the Admin Console.
For more information, see [application authorization guide][app authorization].

### OAuth 2.0

> For webhooks created with OAuth 2.0 Auth app, the session is expired

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For webhooks created with OAuth 2.0 Auth app, the session expires
```
